docs: add patch release notes for DOC-2957 (#10919)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/launchpad-for-vms/install-vmla-iso.md

4. Download the **Appliance ISO with Content**. Download **MOK Key for Secure Boot** if you use secure boot on your
   host.

5. Boot your device using the Launchpad for VMs Appliance ISO. On the GRand Unified Bootloader (GRUB) menu, allow the
   Launchpad for VMs appliance to select the **Palette Edge Interactive Installer** boot option automatically

   :::danger

> 
>    During the bootstrap process, the TUI performs a pre-installation check that checks all disks for partitions left
>    behind by previous Kairos installations. This is necessary to prevent stale partitions from causing unpredictable
>    installation behavior.
> 
>    If any disks are affected, they are pre-selected for wiping on the following screen. You can select additional disks
>    as well. Carefully verify the selected disks on the following screen, as proceeding permanently deletes all data from
>    the selected disks.
> 
>    :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::danger

   During the bootstrap process, the TUI performs a pre-installation check that checks all disks for partitions left
   behind by previous Kairos installations. This helps prevent stale partitions from causing unpredictable
   installation behavior.

   If any disks are affected, they are pre-selected for wiping; you can select additional disks
   as well. Wiping disks is optional and must be confirmed on the following screen. Carefully verify the selected disks, as proceeding permanently deletes all data from
   the selected disks.

   :::
```

>    permanently deletes all data from the selected disks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   optional and must be confirmed on the following screen. Carefully verify the selected disks before proceeding.
```

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion as before.
